series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
SL_LBR_NTLCPL	Level of national compliance with labour rights (freedom of association and collective bargaining) based on International Labour Organization (ILO) textual sources and national legislation	1	World	2015.0	3.4	Float						ILO calculations based on information from ILO textual sources.		"[""Global and regional aggregates refer to the average of countries that have ratified both ILO Convention nos. 87 and 98 weighted by the labour force, based on ILO modelled estimates. These aggregates exclude non-ratifying countries as well as some countries without reliable information available, thus, they should be interpreted with caution. Countries excluded from the global aggregate are: Afghanistan, Angola, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, China, Congo, Cook Islands, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, India, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Jordan, Kenya, Kyrgyzstan, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lebanon, Malaysia, Marshall Islands, Morocco, Myanmar, Nepal, New Zealand, Oman, Palau, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Russian Federation, Rwanda, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Tajikistan, Thailand, Tonga, Tuvalu, United Arab Emirates, United States of America, Uzbekistan, Viet Nam, and Yemen.\nSDG indicator 8.8.2 seeks to measure the level of national compliance with fundamental labour rights (freedom of association and collective bargaining). It is based on six International Labour Organization (ILO) supervisory body textual sources and also on national legislation. National law is not enacted for the purpose of generating a statistical indicator of compliance with fundamental rights, nor were any of the ILO textual sources created for this purpose. Indicator 8.8.2 is compiled from these sources and its use does not constitute a waiver of the respective ILO Constituents’ divergent points of view on the sources’ conclusions. \nSDG indicator 8.8.2 is not intended as a tool to compare compliance among ILO member States. It should specifically be noted that reporting obligations of an ILO member State to the ILO’s supervisory system and thus ILO textual sources are different for ratifying and non-ratifying ILO member States.""]"	G	SCORE	G
SL_LBR_NTLCPL	Level of national compliance with labour rights (freedom of association and collective bargaining) based on International Labour Organization (ILO) textual sources and national legislation	1	World	2016.0	3.2	Float						ILO calculations based on information from ILO textual sources.		"[""Global and regional aggregates refer to the average of countries that have ratified both ILO Convention nos. 87 and 98 weighted by the labour force, based on ILO modelled estimates. These aggregates exclude non-ratifying countries as well as some countries without reliable information available, thus, they should be interpreted with caution. Countries excluded from the global aggregate are: Afghanistan, Angola, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, China, Congo, Cook Islands, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, India, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Jordan, Kenya, Kyrgyzstan, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lebanon, Malaysia, Marshall Islands, Morocco, Myanmar, Nepal, New Zealand, Oman, Palau, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Russian Federation, Rwanda, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Tajikistan, Thailand, Tonga, Tuvalu, United Arab Emirates, United States of America, Uzbekistan, Viet Nam, and Yemen.\nSDG indicator 8.8.2 seeks to measure the level of national compliance with fundamental labour rights (freedom of association and collective bargaining). It is based on six International Labour Organization (ILO) supervisory body textual sources and also on national legislation. National law is not enacted for the purpose of generating a statistical indicator of compliance with fundamental rights, nor were any of the ILO textual sources created for this purpose. Indicator 8.8.2 is compiled from these sources and its use does not constitute a waiver of the respective ILO Constituents’ divergent points of view on the sources’ conclusions. \nSDG indicator 8.8.2 is not intended as a tool to compare compliance among ILO member States. It should specifically be noted that reporting obligations of an ILO member State to the ILO’s supervisory system and thus ILO textual sources are different for ratifying and non-ratifying ILO member States.""]"	G	SCORE	G
SL_LBR_NTLCPL	Level of national compliance with labour rights (freedom of association and collective bargaining) based on International Labour Organization (ILO) textual sources and national legislation	1	World	2017.0	3.2	Float						ILO calculations based on information from ILO textual sources.		"[""Global and regional aggregates refer to the average of countries that have ratified both ILO Convention nos. 87 and 98 weighted by the labour force, based on ILO modelled estimates. These aggregates exclude non-ratifying countries as well as some countries without reliable information available, thus, they should be interpreted with caution. Countries excluded from the global aggregate are: Afghanistan, Angola, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, China, Congo, Cook Islands, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, India, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Jordan, Kenya, Kyrgyzstan, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lebanon, Malaysia, Marshall Islands, Morocco, Myanmar, Nepal, New Zealand, Oman, Palau, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Russian Federation, Rwanda, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Tajikistan, Thailand, Tonga, Tuvalu, United Arab Emirates, United States of America, Uzbekistan, Viet Nam, and Yemen.\nSDG indicator 8.8.2 seeks to measure the level of national compliance with fundamental labour rights (freedom of association and collective bargaining). It is based on six International Labour Organization (ILO) supervisory body textual sources and also on national legislation. National law is not enacted for the purpose of generating a statistical indicator of compliance with fundamental rights, nor were any of the ILO textual sources created for this purpose. Indicator 8.8.2 is compiled from these sources and its use does not constitute a waiver of the respective ILO Constituents’ divergent points of view on the sources’ conclusions. \nSDG indicator 8.8.2 is not intended as a tool to compare compliance among ILO member States. It should specifically be noted that reporting obligations of an ILO member State to the ILO’s supervisory system and thus ILO textual sources are different for ratifying and non-ratifying ILO member States.""]"	G	SCORE	G
