series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	670	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines	2005.0	7280193	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	670	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines	2006.0	333750	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	670	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines	2007.0	398250	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	670	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines	2008.0	565335	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	670	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines	2009.0	29047.87633	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	670	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines	2010.0	26615430.407	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	670	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines	2011.0	3778297.5	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	670	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines	2013.0	8820155.7196	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	670	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines	2014.0	102222	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
