series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2005.0	5898150	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2006.0	189337.5	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2007.0	90794550	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2008.0	27068812.5	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2009.0	12950250	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2010.0	10915875	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2011.0	6405750	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2012.0	9336600	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2013.0	11627812.5	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
