series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	233	Estonia	2005.0	0.00602	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	233	Estonia	2006.0	0.00074	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	233	Estonia	2008.0	0.00056	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	233	Estonia	2010.0	0.00001	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	233	Estonia	2011.0	0.00012	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	233	Estonia	2015.0	0.00015	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	233	Estonia	2016.0	0.0001	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	233	Estonia	2017.0	0.00014	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	PERCENT	G
