series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_PDAN	Number of people whose damaged dwellings were attributed to disasters (number)	328	Guyana	2005.0	278256	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDAN	Number of people whose damaged dwellings were attributed to disasters (number)	328	Guyana	2006.0	30268	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDAN	Number of people whose damaged dwellings were attributed to disasters (number)	328	Guyana	2007.0	36	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDAN	Number of people whose damaged dwellings were attributed to disasters (number)	328	Guyana	2008.0	60	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDAN	Number of people whose damaged dwellings were attributed to disasters (number)	328	Guyana	2009.0	52	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDAN	Number of people whose damaged dwellings were attributed to disasters (number)	328	Guyana	2010.0	84	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDAN	Number of people whose damaged dwellings were attributed to disasters (number)	328	Guyana	2011.0	80	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDAN	Number of people whose damaged dwellings were attributed to disasters (number)	328	Guyana	2012.0	36	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDAN	Number of people whose damaged dwellings were attributed to disasters (number)	328	Guyana	2013.0	80	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
