series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	275	State of Palestine	2005.0	5775	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	275	State of Palestine	2006.0	5775	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	275	State of Palestine	2009.0	1042087.5	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	275	State of Palestine	2010.0	435262.5	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	275	State of Palestine	2012.0	230850	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	275	State of Palestine	2013.0	3312975	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	275	State of Palestine	2015.0	0	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	275	State of Palestine	2016.0	0	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	275	State of Palestine	2017.0	0	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
