series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type	Policy Domains
SG_CPA_MIGRP	Proportion of countries with migration policies to facilitate orderly, safe, regular and responsible migration and mobility of people, by policy domain (%)	62	Central and Southern Asia	2019.0	80.0	Float					United Nation Inquiry among Governments on Population and Development (the “Inquiry”), available at https://esa.un.org/PopPolicy/Inquiry.aspx. The Inquiry was sent to 197 countries, including all 193 Member States, two Observer States (the Holy See and the State of Palestine) and two non-member States (Cook Islands and Niue) of the United Nations.	['Percentage of countries that “Meet or fully meet” the criteria for SDG target 10.7 as conceptualised and measured by indicator 10.7.2, among those that responded to the Inquiry module on international migration. Based on data from 5 countries. Data are available for less than 50 per cent of countries in the corresponding geographical or other aggregate. ']	G	PERCENT	G	DOMAIN5
SG_CPA_MIGRP	Proportion of countries with migration policies to facilitate orderly, safe, regular and responsible migration and mobility of people, by policy domain (%)	62	Central and Southern Asia	2019.0	80.0	Float					United Nation Inquiry among Governments on Population and Development (the “Inquiry”), available at https://esa.un.org/PopPolicy/Inquiry.aspx. The Inquiry was sent to 197 countries, including all 193 Member States, two Observer States (the Holy See and the State of Palestine) and two non-member States (Cook Islands and Niue) of the United Nations.	['Percentage of countries that “Meet or fully meet” the criteria for SDG target 10.7 as conceptualised and measured by indicator 10.7.2, among those that responded to the Inquiry module on international migration. Based on data from 5 countries. Data are available for less than 50 per cent of countries in the corresponding geographical or other aggregate. ']	C	PERCENT	G	DOMAIN2
SG_CPA_MIGRP	Proportion of countries with migration policies to facilitate orderly, safe, regular and responsible migration and mobility of people, by policy domain (%)	62	Central and Southern Asia	2019.0	100.0	Float					United Nation Inquiry among Governments on Population and Development (the “Inquiry”), available at https://esa.un.org/PopPolicy/Inquiry.aspx. The Inquiry was sent to 197 countries, including all 193 Member States, two Observer States (the Holy See and the State of Palestine) and two non-member States (Cook Islands and Niue) of the United Nations.	['Percentage of countries that “Meet or fully meet” the criteria for SDG target 10.7 as conceptualised and measured by indicator 10.7.2, among those that responded to the Inquiry module on international migration. Based on data from 5 countries. Data are available for less than 50 per cent of countries in the corresponding geographical or other aggregate. ']	G	PERCENT	G	DOMAIN6
SG_CPA_MIGRP	Proportion of countries with migration policies to facilitate orderly, safe, regular and responsible migration and mobility of people, by policy domain (%)	62	Central and Southern Asia	2019.0	100.0	Float					United Nation Inquiry among Governments on Population and Development (the “Inquiry”), available at https://esa.un.org/PopPolicy/Inquiry.aspx. The Inquiry was sent to 197 countries, including all 193 Member States, two Observer States (the Holy See and the State of Palestine) and two non-member States (Cook Islands and Niue) of the United Nations.	['Percentage of countries that “Meet or fully meet” the criteria for SDG target 10.7 as conceptualised and measured by indicator 10.7.2, among those that responded to the Inquiry module on international migration. Based on data from 5 countries. Data are available for less than 50 per cent of countries in the corresponding geographical or other aggregate. ']	G	PERCENT	G	DOMAIN4
SG_CPA_MIGRP	Proportion of countries with migration policies to facilitate orderly, safe, regular and responsible migration and mobility of people, by policy domain (%)	62	Central and Southern Asia	2019.0	80.0	Float					United Nation Inquiry among Governments on Population and Development (the “Inquiry”), available at https://esa.un.org/PopPolicy/Inquiry.aspx. The Inquiry was sent to 197 countries, including all 193 Member States, two Observer States (the Holy See and the State of Palestine) and two non-member States (Cook Islands and Niue) of the United Nations.	['Percentage of countries that “Meet or fully meet” the criteria for SDG target 10.7 as conceptualised and measured by indicator 10.7.2, among those that responded to the Inquiry module on international migration. Based on data from 5 countries. Data are available for less than 50 per cent of countries in the corresponding geographical or other aggregate. ']	G	PERCENT	G	DOMAIN3
SG_CPA_MIGRP	Proportion of countries with migration policies to facilitate orderly, safe, regular and responsible migration and mobility of people, by policy domain (%)	62	Central and Southern Asia	2019.0	60.0	Float					United Nation Inquiry among Governments on Population and Development (the “Inquiry”), available at https://esa.un.org/PopPolicy/Inquiry.aspx. The Inquiry was sent to 197 countries, including all 193 Member States, two Observer States (the Holy See and the State of Palestine) and two non-member States (Cook Islands and Niue) of the United Nations.	['Percentage of countries that “Meet or fully meet” the criteria for SDG target 10.7 as conceptualised and measured by indicator 10.7.2, among those that responded to the Inquiry module on international migration. Based on data from 5 countries. Data are available for less than 50 per cent of countries in the corresponding geographical or other aggregate. ']	G	PERCENT	G	DOMAIN1
SG_CPA_MIGRP	Proportion of countries with migration policies to facilitate orderly, safe, regular and responsible migration and mobility of people, by policy domain (%)	62	Central and Southern Asia	2019.0	80.0	Float					United Nation Inquiry among Governments on Population and Development (the “Inquiry”), available at https://esa.un.org/PopPolicy/Inquiry.aspx. The Inquiry was sent to 197 countries, including all 193 Member States, two Observer States (the Holy See and the State of Palestine) and two non-member States (Cook Islands and Niue) of the United Nations.	['Percentage of countries that “Meet or fully meet” the criteria for SDG target 10.7 as conceptualised and measured by indicator 10.7.2, among those that responded to the Inquiry module on international migration. Based on data from 5 countries. Data are available for less than 50 per cent of countries in the corresponding geographical or other aggregate. ']	G	PERCENT	G	ALLDOMAINS
