series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_OBDN	Number of disruptions to other basic services attributed to disasters (number)	480	Mauritius	2005.0	258	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_OBDN	Number of disruptions to other basic services attributed to disasters (number)	480	Mauritius	2006.0	3	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_OBDN	Number of disruptions to other basic services attributed to disasters (number)	480	Mauritius	2007.0	280	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_OBDN	Number of disruptions to other basic services attributed to disasters (number)	480	Mauritius	2008.0	561	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_OBDN	Number of disruptions to other basic services attributed to disasters (number)	480	Mauritius	2009.0	305	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_OBDN	Number of disruptions to other basic services attributed to disasters (number)	480	Mauritius	2010.0	72	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_OBDN	Number of disruptions to other basic services attributed to disasters (number)	480	Mauritius	2011.0	6	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_OBDN	Number of disruptions to other basic services attributed to disasters (number)	480	Mauritius	2012.0	11	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_OBDN	Number of disruptions to other basic services attributed to disasters (number)	480	Mauritius	2013.0	146	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_OBDN	Number of disruptions to other basic services attributed to disasters (number)	480	Mauritius	2014.0	13	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
