series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	480	Mauritius	2005.0	1243	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	480	Mauritius	2006.0	936	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	480	Mauritius	2007.0	1550	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	480	Mauritius	2008.0	3242	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	480	Mauritius	2009.0	658	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	480	Mauritius	2010.0	171	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	480	Mauritius	2011.0	109	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	480	Mauritius	2012.0	2488	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	480	Mauritius	2013.0	4409	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	480	Mauritius	2014.0	165	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
