series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_IJILN	Number of injured or ill people attributed to disasters (number)	858	Uruguay	2005.0	433	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_IJILN	Number of injured or ill people attributed to disasters (number)	858	Uruguay	2006.0	106	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_IJILN	Number of injured or ill people attributed to disasters (number)	858	Uruguay	2007.0	52	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_IJILN	Number of injured or ill people attributed to disasters (number)	858	Uruguay	2008.0	128	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_IJILN	Number of injured or ill people attributed to disasters (number)	858	Uruguay	2009.0	63	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_IJILN	Number of injured or ill people attributed to disasters (number)	858	Uruguay	2010.0	21	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_IJILN	Number of injured or ill people attributed to disasters (number)	858	Uruguay	2011.0	226	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_IJILN	Number of injured or ill people attributed to disasters (number)	858	Uruguay	2012.0	74	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_IJILN	Number of injured or ill people attributed to disasters (number)	858	Uruguay	2013.0	253	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”']	C	NUMBER	G
