series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
ST_GDP_ZS	Tourism direct GDP as a proportion of total GDP (%)	446	China, Macao Special Administrative Region	2010.0	53.9	Float					Statistics and Census Service (DSEC)	"[""The data correspond to Tourism GVA (direct) as a percentage of total GVA. Data on TSA of Macao is compiled at producers' prices, for the gaming tax (a product tax on gaming) is too enormous to be neglected in estimating indicators such as gross output and gross value added. The TSA of Macao has been compiled since the reference year of 2010.""]"	C	PERCENT	G
ST_GDP_ZS	Tourism direct GDP as a proportion of total GDP (%)	446	China, Macao Special Administrative Region	2011.0	57.6	Float					Statistics and Census Service (DSEC)	"[""The data correspond to Tourism GVA (direct) as a percentage of total GVA. Data on TSA of Macao is compiled at producers' prices, for the gaming tax (a product tax on gaming) is too enormous to be neglected in estimating indicators such as gross output and gross value added. The TSA of Macao has been compiled since the reference year of 2010.""]"	C	PERCENT	G
ST_GDP_ZS	Tourism direct GDP as a proportion of total GDP (%)	446	China, Macao Special Administrative Region	2012.0	57.6	Float					Statistics and Census Service (DSEC)	"[""The data correspond to Tourism GVA (direct) as a percentage of total GVA. Data on TSA of Macao is compiled at producers' prices, for the gaming tax (a product tax on gaming) is too enormous to be neglected in estimating indicators such as gross output and gross value added. The TSA of Macao has been compiled since the reference year of 2010.""]"	C	PERCENT	G
ST_GDP_ZS	Tourism direct GDP as a proportion of total GDP (%)	446	China, Macao Special Administrative Region	2013.0	58.6	Float					Statistics and Census Service (DSEC)	"[""The data correspond to Tourism GVA (direct) as a percentage of total GVA. Data on TSA of Macao is compiled at producers' prices, for the gaming tax (a product tax on gaming) is too enormous to be neglected in estimating indicators such as gross output and gross value added. The TSA of Macao has been compiled since the reference year of 2010.""]"	C	PERCENT	G
ST_GDP_ZS	Tourism direct GDP as a proportion of total GDP (%)	446	China, Macao Special Administrative Region	2014.0	55	Float					Statistics and Census Service (DSEC)	"[""The data correspond to Tourism GVA (direct) as a percentage of total GVA. Data on TSA of Macao is compiled at producers' prices, for the gaming tax (a product tax on gaming) is too enormous to be neglected in estimating indicators such as gross output and gross value added. The TSA of Macao has been compiled since the reference year of 2010.""]"	C	PERCENT	G
ST_GDP_ZS	Tourism direct GDP as a proportion of total GDP (%)	446	China, Macao Special Administrative Region	2015.0	46.7	Float					Statistics and Census Service (DSEC)	"[""The data correspond to Tourism GVA (direct) as a percentage of total GVA. Data on TSA of Macao is compiled at producers' prices, for the gaming tax (a product tax on gaming) is too enormous to be neglected in estimating indicators such as gross output and gross value added. The TSA of Macao has been compiled since the reference year of 2010.""]"	C	PERCENT	G
ST_GDP_ZS	Tourism direct GDP as a proportion of total GDP (%)	446	China, Macao Special Administrative Region	2016.0	45.8	Float					Statistics and Census Service (DSEC)	"[""The data correspond to Tourism GVA (direct) as a percentage of total GVA. Data on TSA of Macao is compiled at producers' prices, for the gaming tax (a product tax on gaming) is too enormous to be neglected in estimating indicators such as gross output and gross value added. The TSA of Macao has been compiled since the reference year of 2010.""]"	C	PERCENT	G
ST_GDP_ZS	Tourism direct GDP as a proportion of total GDP (%)	446	China, Macao Special Administrative Region	2017.0	48.4	Float					Statistics and Census Service (DSEC)	"[""The data correspond to Tourism GVA (direct) as a percentage of total GVA. Provisional value. Data on TSA of Macao is compiled at producers' prices, for the gaming tax (a product tax on gaming) is too enormous to be neglected in estimating indicators such as gross output and gross value added. The TSA of Macao has been compiled since the reference year of 2010""]"	C	PERCENT	G
