series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	level	parentCode	parentName	type	X	Y	ISO3	UN_Member	Country_Profile	timeCoverage	geoInfoUrl	age_code	age_desc	sex_code	sex_desc	causeOfDeath_code	causeOfDeath_desc	years	min_year	max_year	n_years	unitsCode	unitsDesc	reportingTypeCode	reportingTypeDesc	value_2017	latest_value	basePeriod	valueDetails	footnotes	sources	timeDetails	nature
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	COD_SMALLARMS	Small arms and light weapons 	[2017]	2017	2017	1	PT	Percentage	G	Global	13.0	13.0			This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)		G: Global monitoring data
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	COD_U	Unknown	[2017]	2017	2017	1	PT	Percentage	G	Global	22.5	22.5			This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)		G: Global monitoring data
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	COD_EXPLOSIVES	Planted explosives and unexploded ordnance (UXO)	[2017]	2017	2017	1	PT	Percentage	G	Global	24.2	24.2			This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)		G: Global monitoring data
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_U	Unknown	_T	Both sexes	_T	No breakdown	[2017]	2017	2017	1	PT	Percentage	G	Global	17.0	17.0			This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)		G: Global monitoring data
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	COD_OTHER	Incendiary; Chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear (CBRN); Electromagnetic weapons; Less lethal weapons; Denial of access to/ destruction of objects indispensable to survival; Accidents related to conflict; Use of objects and other means; Multiple Weapons Used.	[2017]	2017	2017	1	PT	Percentage	G	Global	5.5	5.5			This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)		G: Global monitoring data
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								Y0T17	under 18 years old	_T	Both sexes	_T	No breakdown	[2017]	2017	2017	1	PT	Percentage	G	Global	12.0	12.0			This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)		G: Global monitoring data
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								Y_GE18	18 years old and over	_T	Both sexes	_T	No breakdown	[2017]	2017	2017	1	PT	Percentage	G	Global	71.0	71.0			This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)		G: Global monitoring data
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_U	Unknown	_T	No breakdown	[2017]	2017	2017	1	PT	Percentage	G	Global	8.8	8.8			This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)		G: Global monitoring data
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	F	Female	_T	No breakdown	[2017]	2017	2017	1	PT	Percentage	G	Global	12.4	12.4			This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)		G: Global monitoring data
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	COD_HEAVYWEAPONS	Heavy weapons and explosive munitions 	[2017]	2017	2017	1	PT	Percentage	G	Global	34.8	34.8			This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)		G: Global monitoring data
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	M	Male	_T	No breakdown	[2017]	2017	2017	1	PT	Percentage	G	Global	78.8	78.8			This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)		G: Global monitoring data
