series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	value	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	nature_code	nature_desc	units_code	units_desc	age_code	age_desc	sex_code	sex_desc	reportingType_code	reportingType_desc	causeOfDeath_code	causeOfDeath_desc	timePeriod	value_detail	lowerBound_detail	upperBound_detail	level	parentCode	parentName	type	X	Y	ISO3	UN_Member	Country_Profile
VC_DTH_TOCVN	Number of conflict-related deaths (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (Number)	1	World	75801.0						The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations.  Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) 		This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	NUMBER	Number	Y_GE18	18 years old and over	_T	Both sexes	G	Global	_T	No breakdown	2017				1			Region					
VC_DTH_TOCVN	Number of conflict-related deaths (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (Number)	1	World	9423.0						The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations.  Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) 		This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	NUMBER	Number	_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_U	Unknown	G	Global	_T	No breakdown	2017				1			Region					
VC_DTH_TOCVN	Number of conflict-related deaths (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (Number)	1	World	12797.0						The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations.  Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) 		This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	NUMBER	Number	Y0T17	under 18 years old	_T	Both sexes	G	Global	_T	No breakdown	2017				1			Region					
VC_DTH_TOCVN	Number of conflict-related deaths (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (Number)	1	World	5912.0						The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations.  Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) 		This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	NUMBER	Number	_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	G	Global	COD_OTHER	Incendiary; Chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear (CBRN); Electromagnetic weapons; Less lethal weapons; Denial of access to/ destruction of objects indispensable to survival; Accidents related to conflict; Use of objects and other means; Multiple Weapons Used.	2017				1			Region					
VC_DTH_TOCVN	Number of conflict-related deaths (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (Number)	1	World	18208.0						The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations.  Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) 		This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	NUMBER	Number	_U	Unknown	_T	Both sexes	G	Global	_T	No breakdown	2017				1			Region					
VC_DTH_TOCVN	Number of conflict-related deaths (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (Number)	1	World	37165.0						The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations.  Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) 		This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	NUMBER	Number	_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	G	Global	COD_HEAVYWEAPONS	Heavy weapons and explosive munitions 	2017				1			Region					
VC_DTH_TOCVN	Number of conflict-related deaths (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (Number)	1	World	13268.0						The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations.  Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) 		This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	NUMBER	Number	_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	F	Female	G	Global	_T	No breakdown	2017				1			Region					
VC_DTH_TOCVN	Number of conflict-related deaths (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (Number)	1	World	25860.0						The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations.  Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) 		This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	NUMBER	Number	_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	G	Global	COD_EXPLOSIVES	Planted explosives and unexploded ordnance (UXO)	2017				1			Region					
VC_DTH_TOCVN	Number of conflict-related deaths (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (Number)	1	World	23978.0						The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations.  Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) 		This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	NUMBER	Number	_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	G	Global	COD_U	Unknown	2017				1			Region					
VC_DTH_TOCVN	Number of conflict-related deaths (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (Number)	1	World	84115.0						The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations.  Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) 		This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	NUMBER	Number	_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	M	Male	G	Global	_T	No breakdown	2017				1			Region					
VC_DTH_TOCVN	Number of conflict-related deaths (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (Number)	1	World	13891.0						The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations.  Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) 		This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	NUMBER	Number	_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	G	Global	COD_SMALLARMS	Small arms and light weapons 	2017				1			Region					
VC_DTH_TOCVN	Number of conflict-related deaths (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (Number)	1	World	106806.0						The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations.  Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) 		This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	NUMBER	Number	_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	G	Global	_T	No breakdown	2017				1			Region					
