series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	418	Lao People's Democratic Republic	2005.0	730,208	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	418	Lao People's Democratic Republic	2006.0	32,082	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	418	Lao People's Democratic Republic	2007.0	213,768	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	418	Lao People's Democratic Republic	2008.0	265,463	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	418	Lao People's Democratic Republic	2009.0	948,363	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	418	Lao People's Democratic Republic	2010.0	414,702	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	418	Lao People's Democratic Republic	2011.0	1,125,090	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	418	Lao People's Democratic Republic	2012.0	5,254	Float					United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2019)	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
