series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_CHLN	Direct economic loss to cultural heritage damaged or destroyed attributed to disasters (millions of current United States dollars)	231	Ethiopia	2005.0	0	Float					UNISDR (2019). Sendai Framework Monitor : United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD_M	G
VC_DSR_CHLN	Direct economic loss to cultural heritage damaged or destroyed attributed to disasters (millions of current United States dollars)	231	Ethiopia	2006.0	0	Float					UNISDR (2019). Sendai Framework Monitor : United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD_M	G
VC_DSR_CHLN	Direct economic loss to cultural heritage damaged or destroyed attributed to disasters (millions of current United States dollars)	231	Ethiopia	2007.0	0	Float					UNISDR (2019). Sendai Framework Monitor : United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD_M	G
VC_DSR_CHLN	Direct economic loss to cultural heritage damaged or destroyed attributed to disasters (millions of current United States dollars)	231	Ethiopia	2008.0	0	Float					UNISDR (2019). Sendai Framework Monitor : United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD_M	G
VC_DSR_CHLN	Direct economic loss to cultural heritage damaged or destroyed attributed to disasters (millions of current United States dollars)	231	Ethiopia	2009.0	0	Float					UNISDR (2019). Sendai Framework Monitor : United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD_M	G
VC_DSR_CHLN	Direct economic loss to cultural heritage damaged or destroyed attributed to disasters (millions of current United States dollars)	231	Ethiopia	2010.0	0	Float					UNISDR (2019). Sendai Framework Monitor : United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD_M	G
VC_DSR_CHLN	Direct economic loss to cultural heritage damaged or destroyed attributed to disasters (millions of current United States dollars)	231	Ethiopia	2012.0	0	Float					UNISDR (2019). Sendai Framework Monitor : United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD_M	G
VC_DSR_CHLN	Direct economic loss to cultural heritage damaged or destroyed attributed to disasters (millions of current United States dollars)	231	Ethiopia	2016.0	0	Float					UNISDR (2019). Sendai Framework Monitor : United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction	['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD_M	G
