series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2005.0	35132064	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2006.0	638153	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2007.0	279464204	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2008.0	96876637	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2009.0	36767363	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2010.0	42511724	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2011.0	36341802	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2012.0	47614580	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_GDPLS	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	558	Nicaragua	2013.0	86358643	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	CU_USD	G
