series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Sex	Reporting Type	Disability status	Grounds of discrimination
VC_VOV_GDSD	Proportion of population reporting having felt discriminated against, by grounds of discrimination, sex and disability (%)	233	Estonia	2014.0	8.9	Float						National Statistical Office - European Social Survey		['Definition: refers to those that describe themselves as a member of a group that is discriminated against. Age: 15 years and over. Sample size: 2051 persons. Discrimination grounds (10): skin colour or race, nationality, religion, language, ethnic group, age, gender, sexual orientation, disability (incapacity for work).']	C	PERCENT	FEMALE	G	_T	ALL
VC_VOV_GDSD	Proportion of population reporting having felt discriminated against, by grounds of discrimination, sex and disability (%)	233	Estonia	2014.0	13.1	Float						National Statistical Office - European Social Survey		['Definition: refers to those that describe themselves as a member of a group that is discriminated against. Age: 15 years and over. Sample size: 2051 persons. Discrimination grounds (10): skin colour or race, nationality, religion, language, ethnic group, age, gender, sexual orientation, disability (incapacity for work).']	C	PERCENT	MALE	G	_T	ALL
VC_VOV_GDSD	Proportion of population reporting having felt discriminated against, by grounds of discrimination, sex and disability (%)	233	Estonia	2014.0	10.6	Float						National Statistical Office - European Social Survey		['Definition: refers to those that describe themselves as a member of a group that is discriminated against. Age: 15 years and over. Sample size: 2051 persons. Discrimination grounds (10): skin colour or race, nationality, religion, language, ethnic group, age, gender, sexual orientation, disability (incapacity for work).']	C	PERCENT	BOTHSEX	G	_T	ALL
VC_VOV_GDSD	Proportion of population reporting having felt discriminated against, by grounds of discrimination, sex and disability (%)	233	Estonia	2016.0	8.3	Float						National Statistical Office - European Social Survey		['Definition: refers to those that describe themselves as a member of a group that is discriminated against. Age: 15 years and over. Sample size: 2019 persons. Discrimination grounds (10): skin colour or race, nationality, religion, language, ethnic group, age, gender, sexual orientation, disability (incapacity for work).']	C	PERCENT	BOTHSEX	G	_T	ALL
VC_VOV_GDSD	Proportion of population reporting having felt discriminated against, by grounds of discrimination, sex and disability (%)	233	Estonia	2016.0	7.8	Float						National Statistical Office - European Social Survey		['Definition: refers to those that describe themselves as a member of a group that is discriminated against. Age: 15 years and over. Sample size: 2019 persons. Discrimination grounds (10): skin colour or race, nationality, religion, language, ethnic group, age, gender, sexual orientation, disability (incapacity for work).']	C	PERCENT	FEMALE	G	_T	ALL
VC_VOV_GDSD	Proportion of population reporting having felt discriminated against, by grounds of discrimination, sex and disability (%)	233	Estonia	2016.0	8.9	Float						National Statistical Office - European Social Survey		['Definition: refers to those that describe themselves as a member of a group that is discriminated against. Age: 15 years and over. Sample size: 2019 persons. Discrimination grounds (10): skin colour or race, nationality, religion, language, ethnic group, age, gender, sexual orientation, disability (incapacity for work).']	C	PERCENT	MALE	G	_T	ALL
VC_VOV_GDSD	Proportion of population reporting having felt discriminated against, by grounds of discrimination, sex and disability (%)	233	Estonia	2018.0	7.4	Float						National Statistical Office - European Social Survey		['Definition: refers to those that describe themselves as a member of a group that is discriminated against. Age: 15 years and over. Sample size: 1904 persons. Discrimination grounds (10): skin colour or race, nationality, religion, language, ethnic group, age, gender, sexual orientation, disability (incapacity for work).']	C	PERCENT	MALE	G	_T	ALL
VC_VOV_GDSD	Proportion of population reporting having felt discriminated against, by grounds of discrimination, sex and disability (%)	233	Estonia	2018.0	8.1	Float						National Statistical Office - European Social Survey		['Definition: refers to those that describe themselves as a member of a group that is discriminated against. Age: 15 years and over. Sample size: 1904 persons. Discrimination grounds (10): skin colour or race, nationality, religion, language, ethnic group, age, gender, sexual orientation, disability (incapacity for work).']	C	PERCENT	FEMALE	G	_T	ALL
VC_VOV_GDSD	Proportion of population reporting having felt discriminated against, by grounds of discrimination, sex and disability (%)	233	Estonia	2018.0	7.8	Float						National Statistical Office - European Social Survey		['Definition: refers to those that describe themselves as a member of a group that is discriminated against. Age: 15 years and over. Sample size: 1904 persons. Discrimination grounds (10): skin colour or race, nationality, religion, language, ethnic group, age, gender, sexual orientation, disability (incapacity for work).']	C	PERCENT	BOTHSEX	G	_T	ALL
