series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	384	Côte d'Ivoire	2005.0	1218	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	384	Côte d'Ivoire	2006.0	5.4812	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	384	Côte d'Ivoire	2007.0	30	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	384	Côte d'Ivoire	2009.0	176	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	384	Côte d'Ivoire	2010.0	2053	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	384	Côte d'Ivoire	2011.0	9	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	384	Côte d'Ivoire	2013.0	767	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	384	Côte d'Ivoire	2014.0	10187	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	384	Côte d'Ivoire	2015.0	6917	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
