series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	231	Ethiopia	2005.0	5180225	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	231	Ethiopia	2006.0	10010954	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	231	Ethiopia	2007.0	3161611	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	231	Ethiopia	2008.0	2358997	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	231	Ethiopia	2009.0	5004155	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	231	Ethiopia	2010.0	6351815	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	231	Ethiopia	2011.0	2843212	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	231	Ethiopia	2012.0	4597	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	231	Ethiopia	2016.0	378	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
