series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	242	Fiji	2006.0	79.62851	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	242	Fiji	2007.0	14.40004	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	242	Fiji	2008.0	964.80254	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	242	Fiji	2009.0	15230.44002	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	242	Fiji	2010.0	7972.82095	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	242	Fiji	2011.0	412.80108	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	242	Fiji	2012.0	42976.85162	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	242	Fiji	2016.0	140241.82659	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	242	Fiji	2018.0	155724	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_AFFCT	Number of people affected by disaster (number)	242	Fiji	2019.0	77756	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
