series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	854	Burkina Faso	2007.0	0.06232	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	854	Burkina Faso	2009.0	0.0849	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	854	Burkina Faso	2010.0	0.00969	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	854	Burkina Faso	2012.0	0.00008	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	854	Burkina Faso	2013.0	0.00012	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	854	Burkina Faso	2014.0	0.00304	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	854	Burkina Faso	2015.0	0.00786	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	854	Burkina Faso	2016.0	0.01361	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	854	Burkina Faso	2017.0	0.01075	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	PERCENT	G
VC_DSR_LSGP	Direct economic loss attributed to disasters relative to GDP (%)	854	Burkina Faso	2018.0	0.00496	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	PERCENT	G
