series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	862	Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)	2005.0	89618625	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	862	Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)	2006.0	48369600	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	862	Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)	2007.0	258012075	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	862	Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)	2008.0	33569250	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	862	Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)	2009.0	11929725	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	862	Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)	2010.0	56835675	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	862	Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)	2011.0	87087525	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	862	Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)	2012.0	88640175	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	862	Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)	2013.0	25331775	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	CU_USD	G
VC_DSR_HOLN	Direct economic loss in the housing sector attributed to disasters (current United States dollars)	862	Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)	2014.0	35188238	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNISDR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	C	CU_USD	G
