series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Sex	Reporting Type
VC_VOV_PHYL	Proportion of population subjected to physical violence in the previous 12 months, by sex (%)	616	Poland	2011.0	3	Float						United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime		"['UN-CTS. ""Five Years Prevalence Rate of Physical Assault"" percentage of individuals who experienced someone beat and intentionally hurt them in the last 5 years; except 2013 which refers to 12 months prevalence rate.  Inlcludes incidents with serious and minor physical force, resulting in no injury or minor bodily injury. Attempts are excluded.']"	NA	PERCENT	BOTHSEX	G
VC_VOV_PHYL	Proportion of population subjected to physical violence in the previous 12 months, by sex (%)	616	Poland	2012.0	4	Float						United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime		"['UN-CTS. ""Five Years Prevalence Rate of Physical Assault"" percentage of individuals who experienced someone beat and intentionally hurt them in the last 5 years; except 2013 which refers to 12 months prevalence rate.  Inlcludes incidents with serious and minor physical force, resulting in no injury or minor bodily injury. Attempts are excluded.']"	NA	PERCENT	BOTHSEX	G
VC_VOV_PHYL	Proportion of population subjected to physical violence in the previous 12 months, by sex (%)	616	Poland	2013.0	0.9	Float						United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime		"['UN-CTS. ""Five Years Prevalence Rate of Physical Assault"" percentage of individuals who experienced someone beat and intentionally hurt them in the last 5 years; except 2013 which refers to 12 months prevalence rate.  Inlcludes incidents with serious and minor physical force, resulting in no injury or minor bodily injury. Attempts are excluded.']"	NA	PERCENT	BOTHSEX	G
VC_VOV_PHYL	Proportion of population subjected to physical violence in the previous 12 months, by sex (%)	616	Poland	2014.0	3	Float						United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime		"['UN-CTS. ""Five Years Prevalence Rate of Physical Assault"" percentage of individuals who experienced someone beat and intentionally hurt them in the last 5 years; except 2013 which refers to 12 months prevalence rate.  Inlcludes incidents with serious and minor physical force, resulting in no injury or minor bodily injury. Attempts are excluded.']"	NA	PERCENT	BOTHSEX	G
VC_VOV_PHYL	Proportion of population subjected to physical violence in the previous 12 months, by sex (%)	616	Poland	2015.0	4	Float						United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime		"['UN-CTS. ""Five Years Prevalence Rate of Physical Assault"" percentage of individuals who experienced someone beat and intentionally hurt them in the last 5 years; except 2013 which refers to 12 months prevalence rate.  Inlcludes incidents with serious and minor physical force, resulting in no injury or minor bodily injury. Attempts are excluded.']"	NA	PERCENT	BOTHSEX	G
VC_VOV_PHYL	Proportion of population subjected to physical violence in the previous 12 months, by sex (%)	616	Poland	2016.0	3	Float						United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime		"['UN-CTS. ""Five Years Prevalence Rate of Physical Assault"" percentage of individuals who experienced someone beat and intentionally hurt them in the last 5 years; except 2013 which refers to 12 months prevalence rate.  Inlcludes incidents with serious and minor physical force, resulting in no injury or minor bodily injury. Attempts are excluded.']"	NA	PERCENT	BOTHSEX	G
VC_VOV_PHYL	Proportion of population subjected to physical violence in the previous 12 months, by sex (%)	616	Poland	2017.0	3	Float						United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime		"['UN-CTS. ""Five Years Prevalence Rate of Physical Assault"" percentage of individuals who experienced someone beat and intentionally hurt them in the last 5 years; except 2013 which refers to 12 months prevalence rate.  Inlcludes incidents with serious and minor physical force, resulting in no injury or minor bodily injury. Attempts are excluded.']"	NA	PERCENT	BOTHSEX	G
VC_VOV_PHYL	Proportion of population subjected to physical violence in the previous 12 months, by sex (%)	616	Poland	2018.0	3	Float						United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime		"['UN-CTS. ""Five Years Prevalence Rate of Physical Assault"" percentage of individuals who experienced someone beat and intentionally hurt them in the last 5 years; except 2013 which refers to 12 months prevalence rate.  Inlcludes incidents with serious and minor physical force, resulting in no injury or minor bodily injury. Attempts are excluded.']"	NA	PERCENT	BOTHSEX	G
