series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	586	Pakistan	2005.0	1938870	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	586	Pakistan	2006.0	3329586	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	586	Pakistan	2007.0	841132	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	586	Pakistan	2008.0	1279088	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	586	Pakistan	2009.0	4113512	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	586	Pakistan	2010.0	4247460	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	586	Pakistan	2011.0	1939761	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	586	Pakistan	2012.0	717046	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	586	Pakistan	2013.0	220142	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	586	Pakistan	2014.0	306711	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
