series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	timePeriodStart	value	valueType	time_detail	timeCoverage	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	geoInfoUrl	footnotes	Nature	Units	Reporting Type
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	600	Paraguay	2006.0	4385	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	600	Paraguay	2007.0	1383	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	600	Paraguay	2008.0	49142	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	600	Paraguay	2009.0	514498	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	600	Paraguay	2010.0	5905	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	600	Paraguay	2011.0	1825	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	600	Paraguay	2012.0	578	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	600	Paraguay	2013.0	115206	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	600	Paraguay	2014.0	83575	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
VC_DSR_PDLN	Number of people whose livelihoods were disrupted or destroyed, attributed to disasters (number)	600	Paraguay	2015.0	690	Float						United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (2020)		['Disclaimer: the data being submitted by UNDRR has been extracted from two sources: (a) the Sendai Framework Monitoring System as provided by designated national focal points; and (b) Desinventar disaster loss databases. Some of the data has not finalized an official validation process and may be subject to revision at a later date.”. The nature of this data is a combination of C (Country) and E (Estimated).']	NA	NUMBER	G
