series	seriesDescription	geoAreaCode	geoAreaName	level	parentCode	parentName	type	X	Y	ISO3	UN_Member	Country_Profile	timeCoverage	geoInfoUrl	age_code	age_desc	sex_code	sex_desc	causeOfDeath_code	causeOfDeath_desc	year	value	time_detail	upperBound	lowerBound	basePeriod	source	footnotes	nature_code	nature_desc	units_code	units_desc	reportingType_code	reportingType_desc	value_detail	lowerBound_detail	upperBound_detail
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	COD_SMALLARMS	Small arms and light weapons 	2017	13.0					The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)	This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	PT	Percentage	G	Global			
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	COD_U	Unknown	2017	22.5					The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)	This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	PT	Percentage	G	Global			
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	COD_EXPLOSIVES	Planted explosives and unexploded ordnance (UXO)	2017	24.2					The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)	This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	PT	Percentage	G	Global			
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_U	Unknown	_T	Both sexes	_T	No breakdown	2017	17.0					The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)	This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	PT	Percentage	G	Global			
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	COD_OTHER	Incendiary; Chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear (CBRN); Electromagnetic weapons; Less lethal weapons; Denial of access to/ destruction of objects indispensable to survival; Accidents related to conflict; Use of objects and other means; Multiple Weapons Used.	2017	5.5					The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)	This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	PT	Percentage	G	Global			
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								Y0T17	under 18 years old	_T	Both sexes	_T	No breakdown	2017	12.0					The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)	This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	PT	Percentage	G	Global			
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								Y_GE18	18 years old and over	_T	Both sexes	_T	No breakdown	2017	71.0					The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)	This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	PT	Percentage	G	Global			
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_U	Unknown	_T	No breakdown	2017	8.8					The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)	This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	PT	Percentage	G	Global			
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	F	Female	_T	No breakdown	2017	12.4					The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)	This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	PT	Percentage	G	Global			
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	_T	Both sexes	COD_HEAVYWEAPONS	Heavy weapons and explosive munitions 	2017	34.8					The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)	This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	PT	Percentage	G	Global			
VC_DTH_TOCVR	Conflict-related death rate (civilians), by sex, age and cause of death (%)	1	World	1			Region								_T	All age ranges or no breaks by age	M	Male	_T	No breakdown	2017	78.8					The figures include only direct conflict-related deaths of civilians recorded by the United Nations. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)	This figure includes only documented and verified civilian deaths caused directly by war operations for the armed conflicts in Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Libya, Mali, State of Palestine and Israel, Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, and Yemen. This figure may vary from other UN civilian casualty figures due to the methodology used that build on UN casualty data while integrating new data sources.	G	Global monitoring data	PT	Percentage	G	Global			
